welcome back to my channel so today's
video is going to be a kind of random
video I've been debating about this
video for the longest time so I wanted
to share with you my wet n wild lipstick
collection
I think I'm obsessed with collecting
these lipsticks first of all they're
inexpensive and second of all they are
amazing quality products for such an
affordable price
my neck is inchi so i was debating like
I said whether or not I should put this
video up because these lipsticks are
nothing new they're pretty old school it
was like you know what oh well I just
might as well get this over with and
maybe a lot of you haven't heard of the
wet wild lipsticks I don't know so these
are the bad boys that I am talking about
if you haven't seen them they are sold
pretty much at any drugstore and they
are super affordable they run for about
two to three dollars depending on where
you buy them I have mostly all of them
they are sending back there and then I
have some in some drawers because they
don't fit these are my absolute favorite
drugstore lipsticks I think they are
amazing and if you know me I love matte
lipsticks and these provide a full-on
matte lip color so amazing quality
products now really quickly I wanted to
touch base of some pros and cons of
these sub Stix obviously pros is that
they are mattes so if you are a mad girl
hey you're gonna like them and second of
all they last for a pretty long time I
wear them on my lips and they stay on
for a good amount of time I don't know
how many hours because I don't check I
do have to touch up my lipstick if I'm
like eating or drinking they don't stay
on like that but not a big problem for
me when you apply them to your lips they
go on like butter seriously they're so
amazing and again the price point is
perfect so if you are on a budget or
maybe you're in high school or college
and you don't want to splurge on any
high-end products then these are
definitely going to be a good choice for
you plus
they have tons of choices the only thing
that I must say that I don't like is
that the packaging gets super dirty
so if you can see that when you close
the lipstick for some reason it always
gets dirty in there so if that doesn't
bug you if you don't care about that
then whatever you can always clean it or
if you don't care you cannot clean it I
as you can see I don't care so yeah
really quickly I just wanted to mention
these again if you guys would want to
pick any of these up now
the only thing that it kind of sucks is
that I notice at least where I live the
store that is near me my closest Walmart
does carry them but they only have a
limited selection they only carry about
twelve lipsticks and they don't ever
have like any new shades or anything
like that so I went on a little hunts
just the other weeks and I actually
found the whole line of the wet and wild
lipsticks at Kmart so if you don't find
them at your local store like Walmart or
Target I don't even know Atari it
carries I'm actually checkout Kmart or
maybe even Walgreens they might be a
little bit pricier at Walgreens
um at Kmart they were the same price on
a dollar ninety-nine or something like
that so super inexpensive
but yeah I don't have anything else to
say besides the pigmentation is crazy
gorgeous so I will be showing you every
single lipstick how they apply on my
lips or at least how they look because I
know there could be a difference between
swatching them on the back of your hand
versus the lips I rather go all the way
for you guys and swatch them on my lips
even though this is going to murder my
lips I can already feel it it's going to
burn and they're going to be super dry
but I love you so I got your back okay
so with that said I hope you guys enjoy
this video stay tuned so you can see all
the lip swatches of all these amazing
lip colors so I think that is everything
that I wanted to say yeah that is
everything so stay tuned again so you
can see all the lip swatches that I will
be applying on my lips thank you guys so
much for watching I really really
appreciate it
we're taking time out of your day to
watch my videos don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you guys in the next video
you